You have a sign in your pocket.
You don't want to say you are Beidu Dayuan, do you?
Hahahaha
You can take it out and take a look, and I'll know.
Then I will come to see today
Hadron, take a look. Yes.
Damn, if I can't see your strength today
See if I can clean you up
Hey
There really is a brand
Take a look.
Huh?
You take this stall
Bought a few bucks to scare me
I knew it!
I don't know a little character like you
Why don't you ask your highest authority?
Show him
Just this crap
Let me show it to my highest officer
Do you want the chief to scold me?
I will be so stupid to fall for you
Whatever you want but I advise you
Better ask your highest authority
Otherwise, the gods can't save you when they come
Shit is still acting here
Watch Lao Tzu beat you to death Qiangzi
Stop what captain
Do you really believe his boss is upstairs?
I'll go ask him first